Can my career go further
Just look at this script
It's so late
Why hasn't the family business come back yet
Hello husband
When are you coming back today?
I'm not coming back for something today
Did you say that something happened is to celebrate Zhao Jingxuan's birthday?
But today is also my birthday
Why haven't you slept so late
Can't sleep
Did you go to celebrate Zhao Jingxuan's birthday?
OK
Then do you still remember my birthday?
I'm already very tired today
I don't want to argue with you
Arguing with me makes me look like I'm messing around
But what did I do wrong again?
The only mistake is that I married you without knowing that I was looking for Jingxuan to have a crush on you
You tomorrow
Can you go home early to make up for my birthday
OK
Miss Zhang
Long time no see
What are you doing in the company
Naturally take back everything that belongs to me